STATUS.md, before:

We would like to apply for Available badge for this paper "The Review Linkage Graph for Code Review Analytics: A Recovery Approach and Empirical Study". Here is the response for each badge criterion.

| Criterion  | Response | 
| ------ | ------ |
| **Functional**: Artifacts documented, consistent, complete, exercisable, and include appropriate evidence of verification and validation. | Our package includes README, INSTALL, and executable scripts to replicate our study.  |
| **Reusable**: Functional + very carefully documented and well-structured to the extent that reuse and repurposing is facilitated. In particular, norms and standards of the research community for artifacts of this type are strictly adhered to. | We provide thoroughly written instructions and functions that future studies can reuse in their research settings. |
| **Available**: Functional + Placed on a publicly accessible archival repository. A DOI or link to this repository along with a unique identifier for the object is provided. | The replication package is available online on a public repository.|

Commit message:

Restructure table a little for more clear responses

STATUS.md, after:

We are applying for the Available and Reusable badges. The below table summarizes why we believe our package satisfies
the requirements for each requested badge.

| Badge | Criterion  | Response |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
| **Functional** | Artifacts documented, consistent, complete, | TODO |
| **Functional** | exercisable, and include appropriate evidence of verification and validation. | Our package includes README, INSTALL, and executable scripts to replicate our study.  |
| **Reusable** | Functional + very carefully documented and well-structured to the extent that reuse and repurposing is facilitated. In particular, norms and standards of the research community for artifacts of this type are strictly adhered to. | We provide thoroughly written instructions and functions that future studies can reuse in their research settings. |
| **Available** | Functional + Placed on a publicly accessible archival repository. | The replication package is available online on a public repository. |
| **Available** | A DOI or link to this repository along with a unique identifier for the object is provided. | TODO link |
